For the Bible games, JW Edition, starting with Jeopardy, this is basically based upon the classic trivia game. Currently, there's 20 categories with 5 questions each. There will be daily doubles with custom wagers, uh, final Jeopardy Round.   
It can be played with an individual or with teams. And there's also a study mode for solo practice. So the option has been plain as you can play it by yourself.   
You can have a option where it's 2 to 5 players who all get to buzz in, or there's 3 teams that can have up to 5 players and they can even, you can even be a spectator and watch other people play. When you kick on play game, you'll have 4 options. You'll have options to create the game, join with code, study mode, and browse public rooms.   
For the, uh, create a game, once you click on that, this is what the host will do. He'll have an option to enter the name of his hill host, and if he wants to make, create a room name, which becomes identifiable. The option for a private room is that no one else can join the room unless they have the code.   
There is an option for public rumors which we'll discuss later. So once you're entering your name and the room name, if you want to create it, You'll then have an option where it gives you a room code, that code or QR code that you can or you can share this is what other players who will log into their device can actually use in order to buzz in or watch the game. The players listed will show up.   
So if you want to wait before starting a game, you can, you do not have to. But the players you'll see, the 1st one will be the host and as other participants join. They will be given the option so that when they.   
So once they join the game, They'll have to enter their name. And once they enter the name, you will see them listed up and with the number of players. Once that's done, you hit select category.   
So at present, these are the 20 categories that was mentioned. There are more coming. You can choose at the top, the option when it says random selection.   
We'll randomly select 5 of these categories if you want, you can choose, you can unchoose by clicking on them and choose a different one that you want. Once you have 5 selected, only when you have size selected, you can then press star game. Once you press start game, you'll see at the top the player who's the host.   
You'll see option, pass the baton and end the game. So for example, if someone has to leave, but you need a host to remain, then someone can pivot as a player and then they become the host. All their points become invalid.   
As you see, the typical screen layout where you mentioned the finished verse or finished the phrase or whatever, the, you know, category is, you would then click on it, and everyone on their screen will have the option. The question is open, and then they'll have the answer to buzz. Once they buzz in, everyone will be notified and they have an option to answer the question.   
Then if they answer the question correctly, then they'll be able to get to the correct points. The host would be the only one that will be able to identify the answer. If it's incorrect, the other people, other person will get an option.   
You will have 15 seconds to answer the question. You get it wrong, those points are deducted from you. If you get it right, those points are added to you and it's typical jeopardy play.   
If you win, you keep selecting. And on the right hand side, again, you'll see where you can invite players. You see a calendar score, and you'll also see, uh, how to play options as well.   
So once you're done playing the game or you have a winner, you can hit the button endgame, and that will end the game for all, and it'll take you back to the main screen, and you will back to the main screen. Now, going back into the game, as I mentioned before, Bible Jeopardy, this option would join with the code. That's where you can enter the code, where it'll take you directly into the game free enter your name, or you can scan the QR code.   
If you go to study mode, that will give you an option to just answer the, some other questions, the same kind of format. And once you begin studying, you can answer the questions and you basically are playing with yourself. Or option to and then once you're done here, same thing in the game.   
If you leave the game for any reason, it has about a 30 minute time out where if you come back to the game, it may still be open, but if you don't come back in 30 minutes and end, if you do close your phone and come back in the games out there, that may just be part of the game. Some of the logic is still not there. So the last option, Java Jeopardy is browse public wounds.   
If you want to create a room and want other friends to join or just part of a play, then that can be an option where you may be opportunity to play against others. And you know, maybe as a congregation, everyone just joins a room and, you know, can play that way. There is a feedback option, button at the bottom, if you click on that, it'll give you an option not only to rate your experience, but share your thoughts, report a bug, report improvements, and you can enter your email if you would like or it can be anonymous.   
I hope you enjoy and this gives you context on how to play the game.  
